DataGrid Editing Form: add mention of Customize Edit Form topic (#2861)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/FormEditing/description.md

- Set **editing**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#mode) to *"form"*
- Assign **true** to the [editing](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/) object's [allowAdding](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowAdding), [allowUpdating](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowUpdating), and [allowDeleting](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/editing/#allowDeleting) properties.

> A column's default editor is defined automatically based on this column's [dataType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataType). To customize this editor or replace it with another editor, use the column's [formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#formItem) object. This demo shows how to replace the default editor in the `Notes` column with a [TextArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/). Refer to the [SimpleItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) help topic for information on all settings that you can define in the **formItem** object. Also, refer to the following help topic for more information about editor customization in DataGrid Form: [Customize Edit Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Edit_Form).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A column's default editor is defined automatically based on this column's [dataType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#dataType). To customize this editor or replace it with another editor, use the column's [formItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/columns/#formItem) object. This demo shows how to replace the default editor in the `Notes` column with a [TextArea](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTextArea/). Refer to the [SimpleItem](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/) help topic for information on all settings that you can define in the **formItem** object. If you need more information about editor customization in DataGrid Form, review the following topic: [Customize Edit Form](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/DataGrid/Editing/#Customize_Edit_Form).
```
